Track 01.11
PART 1
Rachel: Really? ...
Oh, no ...
the bookshop!? ...
Wha ... Are you sure?
Rachel: thanks for letting me know ...
yes, see you soon, Jo ... Bye.
Becky: Excuse me?
Rachel: Oh, sorry! I thought you were just looking.
Becky: Um, I want something for a friend's wife.
I’m going there for dinner.
Rachel: OK.
What sort of flowers does she like?
Becky: Oh, I don't know. I haven’t met her yet.
Rachel: Right ...
well, in my opinion,
roses are always a good option.
Becky: Um ... Aren’t they a bit ... romantic?
Rachel: Um,
yes, I know what you mean.
Rachel: I guess something like tulips
might be better.
Becky: Yes, they're lovely.
How much are they?
Becky: Erm, how much are the tulips?
Rachel: Oh, they're ...
Rachel: ... sorry.
Becky: It's OK.
I'll try somewhere else. Thank you.
Rachel: Hello? ...
Yes.
Yes, it is.